I am my authentic self and I'm also the
parent my children need me to be for
them we've been married for 13 years now
we've been together for 15 years we have
two children Jonathan and Janette ten
and eight years old we have three kids
so we have four year old twins and eight
year old family means to me my two dads
and my brother mama
mo pen and that left we've actually been
married for two years this will be your
number three because we were just
allowed to get married a few years ago
before that it was like we would call
each other wife and I would be waiting
for someone to be like you can't do that
which people would say because at the
beginning we were kind of just making it
up and then it was kind like yeah that's
actually what it's called we're actually
married and she's my wife yeah yeah
family is at least two people who can
rely upon each other most people don't
have to dad to moms
no one in that class does work one of
the things that I remember when we first
had our children was only be out in
public the stares that we would get a
struggle of sort of how people vbu
is it's a battle every day and funny
enough people will really like in the
elevator ask your questions about your
family and your life I've also taught my
children not all questions come from a
bad place sometimes the person will ask
a question they just don't know and they
want to know and mommy they love us they
want to take care of us and they want to
be with us I think in some circumstances
they will have it harder in life but in
other areas I think they're going to be
stronger
I mean who better to parent you than
people who had to persevere their whole
life for them you know what they have is
their norm so I don't know that they
would say anything different more
different than any other kids I love you
too have my mama and my mo and my
siblings we are crazy
we are dinner in a show
we're never boring wherever we're at
like my friend's house my dad always
like starts dancing and he always makes
everybody laugh Dashawn he wants to
always have go shopping dress-up and
always he wants to have fun with me and
Jonathan all the time my children will
be prepared to deal with the world
they'll be prepared to deal with people
who will embrace them and they'll be
prepared to deal with people who won't
embrace them you can get married you can
have kids you can have all these things
it's the best feeling in the whole wide
world to have that experience there's no
one I would rather parent with
especially as a gay parent other than
joy